Add Porting Guide (#961)
ansible/receptor: docs/source/porting_guide/receptor_porting_index.rst

=======================
Receptor Porting Guides
=======================

> This section lists porting guides that can help you in updating your
> environment from one version of receptor to the next.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section lists porting guides that can help you update your environment from one version of Receptor to the next.
```

Author: same issue, resolved
